feat(curriculum): add football player card tsx project (#67076)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-build-a-football-player-card-builder/69f1a6f57dd2d4685822074a.md

---
id: 69f1a6f57dd2d4685822074a
title: Step 14
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-14
---

# --description--

Add two `span` elements with the `className` of `stat-value` and `stat-label` respectively to each `div.stat-row`.

# --hints--

> Each `.stat-row` should contain a `span` with class `stat-value` and a `span` with class `stat-label`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each `.stat-row` should contain a `span` with `className` of `stat-value` and a `span` with `className` of `stat-label`.
```
